Spatial reference (#191)
geoadmin/suite-bdms: CHANGELOG.md

- Added possibility to add a casing layer (_CasingId_) to an instrument.
- Added new columns in borehole table for LV03 coordinates.

> - Added inputs for entering coordinates in LV03 as well as LV95. The coordintaes in the coodinate system that was not entered by the user, are automatically transformed and completed.

Reviewer: REQ: Typos fixen
```suggestion
- Added inputs for entering coordinates in LV03 as well as LV95. The coordinates in the coordinate system that were not entered by the user, are automatically transformed and completed.
```
